the book of Nehemiah the words of
the book of Nehemiah the words of Nehemiah the son of Aquila it came to
Nehemiah the son of Aquila it came to
Nehemiah the son of Aquila it came to pass in the month of Kislev in the 20th
pass in the month of Kislev in the 20th
pass in the month of Kislev in the 20th year as I was in Shushan the Citadel
year as I was in Shushan the Citadel
year as I was in Shushan the Citadel that Jimena one of my brethren came with
that Jimena one of my brethren came with
that Jimena one of my brethren came with men from Judah and I asked them
men from Judah and I asked them
men from Judah and I asked them concerning the Jews who had escaped who
concerning the Jews who had escaped who
concerning the Jews who had escaped who had survived the captivity and
had survived the captivity and
had survived the captivity and concerning Jerusalem and they said to me
concerning Jerusalem and they said to me
concerning Jerusalem and they said to me the survivors who are left from the
the survivors who are left from the
the survivors who are left from the captivity in the province are there in
captivity in the province are there in
captivity in the province are there in great distress and reproach the wall of
great distress and reproach the wall of
great distress and reproach the wall of Jerusalem is also broken down and its
Jerusalem is also broken down and its
Jerusalem is also broken down and its gates are burned with fire so it was
gates are burned with fire so it was
gates are burned with fire so it was when I heard these words that I sat down
when I heard these words that I sat down
when I heard these words that I sat down and wept and mourned for many days I was
and wept and mourned for many days I was
and wept and mourned for many days I was fasting and praying before the God of
fasting and praying before the God of
fasting and praying before the God of heaven and I said I pray Lord God of
heaven and I said I pray Lord God of
heaven and I said I pray Lord God of heaven o great and awesome God you who
heaven o great and awesome God you who
heaven o great and awesome God you who keep your covenant and mercy with those
keep your covenant and mercy with those
keep your covenant and mercy with those who love you and observe your
who love you and observe your
who love you and observe your Commandments please let your ear be
Commandments please let your ear be
Commandments please let your ear be attentive and your eyes open
attentive and your eyes open
attentive and your eyes open that you may hear the prayer of your
that you may hear the prayer of your
that you may hear the prayer of your servant which I pray before you now day
servant which I pray before you now day
servant which I pray before you now day and night for the children of Israel
and night for the children of Israel
and night for the children of Israel your servants and confess the sins of
your servants and confess the sins of
your servants and confess the sins of the children of Israel which we have
the children of Israel which we have
the children of Israel which we have sinned against you both my father's
sinned against you both my father's
sinned against you both my father's house and I have sinned we have acted
house and I have sinned we have acted
house and I have sinned we have acted very corruptly against you and have not
very corruptly against you and have not
very corruptly against you and have not kept the commandments the statutes nor
kept the commandments the statutes nor
kept the commandments the statutes nor the ordinances which you commanded your
the ordinances which you commanded your
the ordinances which you commanded your servant Moses remember I pray the word
servant Moses remember I pray the word
servant Moses remember I pray the word that you commanded your servant Moses
that you commanded your servant Moses
that you commanded your servant Moses saying if you are unfaithful I will
saying if you are unfaithful I will
saying if you are unfaithful I will scatter you among the nations but if you
scatter you among the nations but if you
scatter you among the nations but if you return to me and keep my Commandments
return to me and keep my Commandments
return to me and keep my Commandments and do them though some of you were cast
and do them though some of you were cast
and do them though some of you were cast out to the farthest part of the heavens
out to the farthest part of the heavens
out to the farthest part of the heavens yet I will gather them from there and
yet I will gather them from there and
yet I will gather them from there and bring them to the place which I have
bring them to the place which I have
bring them to the place which I have chosen as a dwelling for my name now
chosen as a dwelling for my name now
chosen as a dwelling for my name now these are your servants and your people
these are your servants and your people
these are your servants and your people whom you have redeemed by your great
whom you have redeemed by your great
whom you have redeemed by your great power
power
power and by your strong hand O Lord I pray
and by your strong hand O Lord I pray
and by your strong hand O Lord I pray please let your ear be attentive to the
please let your ear be attentive to the
please let your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant and to the prayer
prayer of your servant and to the prayer
prayer of your servant and to the prayer of your servants who desire to fear your
of your servants who desire to fear your
of your servants who desire to fear your name and let your servant prosper this
name and let your servant prosper this
name and let your servant prosper this day my prayer and grant him mercy and
day my prayer and grant him mercy and
day my prayer and grant him mercy and the sight of this man for I was the
the sight of this man for I was the
the sight of this man for I was the king's cup pen